the collaboration of actions
of the sea and the ball more action is left
for federico santander the auction
very violent for my countrymen after
my years itch goes out back the two the
protests of lines that towers for
I come with the son that leaves me critical of
all the aurinegra fans great play of
Santander won it in the fourth
after it was defined in goal to stop and
do not make federico santander guaraní uno
what grace for the definitions that
great player from Santander you will win
nothing or 1 to 0
Starting with cash from Santander
just entered the first ball
that touches an error in the area of
midfield of the racing team that is
taken advantage of by this born goalscorer who
has Paraguayan football and that has
Guaraní is taken advantage of because
quickly moves with the ball
until the zone of the area and there ends with
right leg to beat the goalkeeper
pull out this experience goalie
nothing can this goalkeeper do in front of
another one that has a lot of experience about
all scoring goals as is Santander
the lateral tip one hundred corresponding
to guaraní let guaraní come the
second to the diminutive that for veracruz
is controlling the ball again the
vilero team the good but it ends for
win masters in the very short center the
shipping is recovering palau allow
touching it now by left again
advance stop and attention for already came the
load black equipment part is julian
Palau Palau de Pego
It seemed like a burden I did not have
however transcendence were
minendo there is interest of julián and stories
to move them a little bit more
theory as sabrina appears over there
putting a violent zapatazo of
amazing right palau the roof of
long in the middle said the holy well
go then nuria evil though I even
it seems that every day must to that
teaching to break the
aurinegras gorges throughout the country the
Uruguayan for water in what he knows
half distance to a second to measure
in all the doors of the classification
nothing or 2 racing 0
and what a great goal
marcelo palau to that ball he receives
after a great action of Julian
Benitez who wins by force despite
be a little bit of a defender of the team
of racing gives the ball to palau fair
when this same defender that was
checking Julian arrives before him
that happens before you are
point to out a ball hits but
impressive really strong the
shot by marcelo palau and has also
the luck of finding misplaced the
goalkeeper takes out that evidently was of
against the leg before this great shot
marcelo palau but obviously all
applause and standing up for this great
team player in good spirits to the
how many won at 36 minutes
second time savior